Add Carsten's talk to schedule (#8)
nlesc-sigs/SQS-sig: README.md

| Date       | Topic | Presenter | Recording |
| ----------:|:----- |:--------- | -- |
| 2026-03-19 | Software Quality Metrics | Abel Soares Siqueira | [link][rec1] |

> | 2026-04-16 | Weblate for multi-lingual software | Carsten Schnober |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2026-04-16 | Continuous Localization with Weblate in the Dynamic3D project | Carsten Schnober |  |
```
